# LICENSE

## Copyright Notice

Copyright © 2024 BuyLibs Team. All rights reserved.

## License Agreement, Permitted Uses, and Restrictions

Please refer to the End-User License Agreement (EULA) which accompanies your
copy of the BuyLibs software for detailed terms and conditions governing the use
of this software. **THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED, NOT SOLD**. This license grants
you the right to use the software under the terms outlined in the EULA, but you
do not own the software, and all intellectual property rights remain with the
copyright holder. You may not copy, modify, or distribute the software except as
expressly authorized by the EULA. You may not reverse-engineer, decompile, or
disassemble the software except as expressly authorized by the EULA or as
permitted by applicable law.

## Examples Directory

The files in the `examples` directory (the "Examples") are licensed under the
MIT License. However, the Examples require the BuyLibs::MDB software to
function. Access to the Examples does not grant the right to use BuyLibs::MDB.
You may read, modify, and experiment with the Examples at no cost, but to run or
deploy them, you must be licensed for BuyLibs::MDB under the terms of the EULA.

### MIT License for the Examples

Copyright © 2024 BuyLibs Team. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
